Spec sequential visibility for globals (#420)
WebAssembly/gc: document/core/valid/modules.rst

   }

:math:`\global^\ast`
....................

* If the sequence is empty, then it is valid with the empty sequence of :ref:`global types <syntax-globaltype>`.

* Else:

  * The first global definition must be :ref:`valid <valid-global>` with some type :ref:`global type <syntax-globaltype>` :math:`\X{gt}_1`.

  * Let :math:`C'` be the same :ref:`context <context>` as :math:`C`, but with the :ref:`global type <syntax-globaltype>` :math:`\X{gt}_1` apppended to the |CGLOBALS| vector.

  * Under context :math:`C'`, the remainder of the sequence must be valid with some sequence :math:`\X{gt}^\ast` of :ref:`global types <syntax-globaltype>`.

  * Then the sequence is valid with the sequence of :ref:`global types <syntax-globaltype>` consisting of :math:`\X{gt}_1` prepended to :math:`\X{gt}^\ast`.

.. math::
   ~\\
   \frac{
   }{
     C \vdashglobalseq \epsilon : \epsilon
   }
   \qquad
   \frac{
     C \vdashglobal \global_1 : \X{gt}_1
     \qquad

>      C, \CGLOBALS~\X{gt}_1 \vdashglobalseq \global^\ast : \X{gt}^\ast

Reviewer: Since context extension was originally defined with labels in mind, it prepends the new items to the relevant index space in the context, but here we want to append the new global to the end of the index space. It seems we need to define separate notations for prepending and appending extension, or else define a convention that extension prepends for labels and appends for everything else.

Author: Ah, yes, good catch. I'll probably redesign that at some point, but for now I'm using `\compose` instead here.

   However, this recursion is just a specification device.
   All types needed to construct :math:`C` can easily be determined from a simple pre-pass over the module that does not perform any actual validation.

>    Globals, however, are not recursive but eveluated sequentially, such that each :ref:`constant expressions <valid-const>` only has access to imported or priviously defined globals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Globals, however, are not recursive but evaluated sequentially, such that each :ref:`constant expressions <valid-const>` only has access to imported or previously defined globals.
```
